add Dockerfile (#5)
l3mpire/lemverse: README.md

Once you have done it, the subsequent deployments will be done using the command `./deploy`.

## Build docker machine

### production

> docker buid . -t l3mpire/lemverse:latest

Reviewer: typo: 'buid'

### dev

> docker buid -f Dockerfile.dev . -t l3mpire/lemverse:latest

Reviewer 2: I tend to use different tag from source to not overwrite official images.
```suggestion
To build from you source without having to install anything, you can run the following command:  
`docker buid -f Dockerfile.dev . -t l3mpire/lemverse:dev`
```
